c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\WorkoutLog2.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\WorkoutLog2.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\Bin\Debug\WorkoutLog2_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.cs
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\WorkoutLog2.g.resources
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\WorkoutLog2.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\WorkoutLog2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\WorkoutLog2.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\WorkoutLog2.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\CurrentWorkout.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WorkoutLog2\WorkoutLog2\obj\Debug\ExercisePage.g.cs
